Having discussed some of the challenges in
life cycle management to the integration
of field devices with web services,
we are now going to illustrate how
vulnerabilities may arise through attempting
a systems integration exercise at scale.
So we begin this illustration with a
situation where system for the proximity
tracking of internal packages is connected
to a local IP network that interfaces
with a secure websocket provided by a
cloud server over a public network.
Other building systems run on isolated
island, Bacnet over IP networks.
The situation then evolves with
initiative to provide an integrated
site Control Center for all systems.
The island networks are now connected
to a common network and the headend
interfaces for operators are now
controlled for our common terminal.
With all these systems now in a
common network, there is an interest
in forwarding the data to the cloud
so that their business can develop
applications that improve systems
control and provide enhanced user
interfaces for maintenance teams.
One of the challenges that may now
have arisen is that the Bacnet over IP
communication protocol is unencrypted
and requires broadcast communication
on occasions for systems to operate.
Broadcast messages result in a
vast amount of network traffic,
and network operators are required
to segregate the local network.
This initially results in
the following behavior.
In this illustration,
Bacnet device a shown in green.
Makes A who is request in Network
A to identify how to address all
other Bacnet devices in the system.
Bacnet device say he is now able to
successfully receive information on how
to address the Bacnet devices within
Network A over private IP addresses.
However, the broadcast request is blocked
by the network switch controlling
communication between network segments.
Therefore, the device cannot address
any of the devices in Network B.
If the Bacnet device a needs to
communicate with either Bacnet
device D or D to operate,
the system will not work.
This functional problem of broadcast
communication between network segments
can be overcome by introducing a
Bacnet broadcast management device
to network be within the same public
IP address as the network switch.
In this situation, when Bacnet device
A makes a broadcast who is request?
A direct message is sent to the back
net broadcast management device,
which forwards to all devices on
Network B and responds with a
report of how to address all Bacnet
devices on Network B over public IP.
Now this may have solved
our functional problem,
but we now have introduced some serious
security vulnerabilities into our system.
We're having to expose Bacnet
ports to incoming public traffic
over an unencrypted protocol.
We also we are also providing
reports of how to address all
Bacnet devices within Network B to
anyone who makes a who is Bacnet,
request to the network switch
public IP address.
We cannot trust the public network
and we have not yet established
a way to monitor the status of
all connected Bacnet devices to
ensure none have been compromised.
It's important to note this
is not a rare edge case.
This is a common problem which
will affect the integration of many
building systems within web services.
It is also likely that other local
systems will pose similar challenges.